README.md, before:

cordova-mbxmapkit
=================

An Apache Cordova plugin for MapBox's MBXMapKit (for iOS only)

### Requirements

**NOTE: This plugin is designed to run a single instance of a native map.**

* Apache Cordova (3.5+)
* iOS (7.1+)

### Dependencies

* MapKit.framework
* libsqlite3.dylib
* [MBXMapKit](https://github.com/mapbox/mbxmapkit) (vendored)

# Installation

Run this from the root directory of your cordova project to install the plugin:

    cordova plugin add com.angelolakra.cordova.mbxmapkit

After installing into your project, you can access all functionality
through the global `mbxmapkit` object.

# Quickstart

```javascript
var width = 640;
var height = 480;
var x = width / 2;
var y = height / 2;

mbxmapkit.create();
mbxmapkit.setSize( width, height );
mbxmapkit.setCenter( x, y )
mbxmapkit.show();
```

**NOTE**: This library only intends to serve a single map. Calling
  `create` subsequent times will have no effect after the first call.

More documentation coming soon.

### Authors

* Angelo Lakra <angelo.lakra@gmail.com>

### Source Code

Available at [https://github.com/alakra/cordova-mbxmapkit](https://github.com/alakra/cordova-mbxmapkit)

# License

`cordova-mbxmapkit` and `q` are licensed under the MIT license and are
copyrighted to their respective authors.  However, the code for
`mbxmapkit` has it's own license that is described in
[https://raw.githubusercontent.com/alakra/cordova-mbxmapkit/master/LICENSE](LICENSE).

Commit message:

Adding link to project examples

README.md, after:

cordova-mbxmapkit
=================

An Apache Cordova plugin for MapBox's MBXMapKit (for iOS only)

### Requirements

**NOTE: This plugin is designed to run a single instance of a native map.**

* Apache Cordova (3.5+)
* iOS (7.1+)

### Dependencies

* MapKit.framework
* libsqlite3.dylib
* [MBXMapKit](https://github.com/mapbox/mbxmapkit) (vendored)

# Installation

Run this from the root directory of your cordova project to install the plugin:

    cordova plugin add com.angelolakra.cordova.mbxmapkit

After installing into your project, you can access all functionality
through the global `mbxmapkit` object.

# Quickstart

```javascript
var width = 640;
var height = 480;
var x = width / 2;
var y = height / 2;

mbxmapkit.create();
mbxmapkit.setSize( width, height );
mbxmapkit.setCenter( x, y )
mbxmapkit.show();
```

**NOTE**: This library only intends to serve a single map. Calling
  `create` subsequent times will have no effect after the first call.

# Examples

To see full project examples, please visit the [cordova-mbxmapkit-examples](https://github.com/alakra/cordova-mbxmapkit-examples) project.

### Authors

* Angelo Lakra <angelo.lakra@gmail.com>

### Source Code

Available at [https://github.com/alakra/cordova-mbxmapkit](https://github.com/alakra/cordova-mbxmapkit)

# License

`cordova-mbxmapkit` and `q` are licensed under the MIT license and are
copyrighted to their respective authors.  However, the code for
`mbxmapkit` has it's own license that is described in
[https://raw.githubusercontent.com/alakra/cordova-mbxmapkit/master/LICENSE](LICENSE).
